1. **Zheran Liu, Yang Gao, Ruidan Li, et al.**. Semiconducting artificial dendritic cells with biocatalytic and radiosensitive iron centers to eradicate radioresistant squamous cell carcinoma. *Cell Biomaterials* (2025). DOI: 10.1016/j.celbio.2025.100277
2. **Zheran Liu, Lei Cai, Xingchen Peng**. Editorial: Opportunities and challenges of head and neck cancer treatment in the era of immune checkpoint inhibitors. *Frontiers in Immunology* (2025). DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2025.1656915
3. **Zheran Liu, Meng Dou, Huilin Li, et al.**. Characterizing the impact of sarcopenia on treatment response and survival in previously treated recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma: Insights from a secondary analysis of the KL-A167 randomized trial.. *Journal of Clinical Oncology* (2024). DOI: 10.1200/jco.2024.42.16_suppl.6046
4. **Zheran Liu, Zijian Qin, Yingtong Liu, et al.**. Liquid‒liquid phase separation: roles and implications in future cancer treatment. *International Journal of Biological Sciences* (2023). DOI: 10.7150/ijbs.81521
5. **Zheran Liu, Yu Zhang, Yiyan Pei, et al.**. Prevalence and Prognostic Significance of Malnutrition in Patients with Brain Metastasis. *Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention* (2023). DOI: 10.1158/1055-9965.epi-22-0918
6. **Zheran Liu, Ye Chen, Yonglin Su, et al.**. Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma: Clinical Achievements and Considerations Among Treatment Options. *Frontiers in Oncology* (2021). DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.635737
7. **Zheran Liu, Yaxin Luo, Jianjun Ren, et al.**. Association between fish oil supplementation and cancer risk according to fatty fish consumption: A large prospective population‐based cohort study using <scp>UK</scp> Biobank. *International Journal of Cancer* (2021). DOI: 10.1002/ijc.33819
8. **Zheran Liu, Ye Chen, Zhigong Wei, et al.**. Comparative efficacy and safety of immunotherapy in the first-line treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and network meta-analysis. *Annals of Palliative Medicine* (2021). DOI: 10.21037/apm-20-1884
9. **Zheran Liu, Yuan Cao, Wei Diao, et al.**. Radiomics-based prediction of survival in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma based on pre- and post-treatment 18F-PET/CT. *Aging* (2020). DOI: 10.18632/aging.103508
10. **Zheran Liu, Haifang Wu, Jiachen Deng, et al.**. Molecular classification and immunologic characteristics of immunoreactive high‐grade serous ovarian cancer. *Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine* (2020). DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.15441
